==============
Privacy Policy
==============

MIST was developed by the AUTHOR, Tom Hallman, as Open Source Software. This 
SOFTWARE is provided by the Author at no cost and is intended for use as-is.
See the LICENSE for more information.

This Privacy Policy is used to inform visitors regarding the author's policies
with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone
decides to use this Software.

If you choose to use the Author's Software, then you agree to the collection
and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information 
collected is used for providing and improving the Software. Your information
will not be shared with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in the Terms
and Conditions, which can be found on the Software's website and packaged with
this Text unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use
------------------------------
For a better experience, while using the Software, you may be required to 
provide certain personally identifiable information. The information requested
will be retained on your device and is not collected by the Author in any way.

The Software may use third party services that may collect information used to 
identify you, such as the servers you connect to in order to download email.

Log Data
--------
Whenever you use the Software, some data and information may be logged, called
Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your operating system 
version, the configuration of the Software, the time and date of your use of
the Software, and other statistics and information.

Cookies
-------
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as 
anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites 
that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Software does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the Software
may use third party code and libraries that use cookies to collect information
and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse
these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you 
choose to refuse the cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of the
Software.

Service Providers
-----------------
The Software may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the
following reasons:
- To facilitate the Software;
- To provide the Software on behalf of the Author;
- To perform Software-related services; or
- To assist the Author in analyzing how the Software is used.

These third parties may have access to your Personal Information in order to 
perform the tasks assigned to them on the Author's behalf. However, they are 
obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

NOTE: In nearly all cases, these are services you are already using (e.g. your
email server.) The Software simply connects to these services in order to 
perform its functions. No new information will be provided by the Software.

Security
--------
The Author values your trust in providing your Personal Information and thus
strives to use commercially-acceptable means of protecting it. However, please
remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or any method of 
electronic storage, is 100% secure and reliable, and the Author cannot 
guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Third-Party Sites
--------------------------
This Software may contain links to third-party sites. If you click on a third-
party link, you will be directed to that site. These external sites are not 
operated by the Author. Therefore, you are advised to review the Privacy Policy
of those sites. The Author has no control over and assumes no responsibility
for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites, 
software or services.

Children’s Privacy
------------------
This Software does not address anyone under the age of 13. The author does not
knowingly collect personally-identifiable information from children under 13.
Should the Author discover that a child under 13 has provided personal
information, the Author will immediately delete that information from all 
records. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has
provided the Author with personal information, please contact the Author so 
that the necessary actions can be taken.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
------------------------------
The Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. Thus, you are advised to 
review this file for any changes between versions of the Software. These
changes are effective immediately upon use of the updated Sofware.

Contact the Author
------------------
If you have any questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, please 
contact the author at mist-support@googlegroups.com.

This privacy policy was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/
generated by App Privacy Policy Generator