Terms & Conditions
==================
By downloading or using MIST (the SOFTWARE), these terms will automatically
apply to you, so you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully
before using the Software. The Software, and all the trademarks, copyright, and
other intellectual property rights related to it, belong to Tom Hallman, the 
AUTHOR.

The Software processes personal data that you have provided, either in the 
Software itself or by connecting the Software to third-party services, in 
order to perform the Software's functions. It is your responsibility to keep 
your computer and access to the Software secure.

There are certain things that the Author will not take responsibility for. 
Certain functions of the Software will require the Software to have an active
internet connection. The connection can be Wifi, or provided by your mobile
network provider, but the Author cannot take responsibility for the Software
not working at full functionality if you do not have access to Wifi or you
do not have any of your mobile data allowance left.

If you are using the Software outside of an area with Wifi, you should remember
that your terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still 
apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of
data for the duration of the connection while accessing the Software, or other
third-party charges. By using the Software, you're accepting responsibility for
any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the Software
outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off
data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you're 
using the Software, the Author assumes that you have received permission from 
the bill payer for using the Software.

Along similar lines, the Author cannot always take responsibility for the way
you use the Software. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – 
if it runs out of battery and you can't turn it on to avail the Software, the
Author cannot accept responsibility.

With respect to the Author's responsibility for your use of the Software, when
you are using the Software, it is important to bear in mind that although the
Author endeavours to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, the
Author does rely on third parties to provide information to the Software so 
that it can be made available to you. The Author accepts no liability for any 
loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this
functionality of the Software.

The Software may occasionally be updated. The requirements for using the 
Software may change, and you may need to download the updates if you want to 
continue using the Software. The Author does not guarantee that your copy of
the Software is the most up-to-date version, nor does the Author assume any
responsibility for your use of outdated versions of the Software. The Author
may also stop providing updated to the Software, and may terminate support of
it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless you are
informed otherwise, upon any termination, the rights and licenses granted to
you in these terms will end.

Changes to These Terms and Conditions
-------------------------------------
These Terms and Conditions may be updated from time to time. Thus, you are
advised to review this file for any changes between versions of the Software.
These changes are effective immediately upon use of the updated Sofware.

Contact the Author
------------------
If you have any questions or suggestions about these Terms and Conditions,
please contact the author at mist-support@googlegroups.com.

These Terms and Conditions were created at privacypolicytemplate.net and 
modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator
